OpenTelemetry (S3M) Onboarding Workflow updates (#1720)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/get-started/sign-up.md

To activate your Sumo Logic Trial account:

1. In the Sumo Logic activation email, click **Activate account**. If you don't see it, check your Spam and Trash folders.
1. Fill out the **Activate Your Account** form, then click **Activate**.

Next, you'll be taken to a brief two-step data collector installation process, which will get you up and running with insights in a couple of minutes.

### Install Data Collector

> 1. Select the platform (Linux, Windows, macOS, or AWS) where you'd like to install the Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collector. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/data-collection.png')} alt="icon" width="400" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the platform (Linux, Windows, macOS, or AWS) from where you'd like to collect the data. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/data-collection.png')} alt="icon" width="400" />
```

OpenTelemetry Collector is not installed for AWS.

Author: thank you!

> 1. Copy, paste, and run the provided command to your PowerShell or Terminal. This will install the collector, app, and dashboards. When finished, click **Start using Sumo**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/install-otel.png')} alt="icon" width="400" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy, paste, and run the provided command to your PowerShell or Terminal. This will install the collector, and relevent dashboards. When finished, click **Start using Sumo**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/install-otel.png')} alt="icon" width="400" />
```

1. Next, you'll be taken to your onboarding checklist guide, where you can view your Dashboards, run your first log search, set up alerts, install more apps for your environment, and more.

> Congrats! You can now collect, see, and act to monitor, troubleshoot, and secure your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats! You can now setup with Sumo Logic.
```

To activate your Sumo Logic Trial account:

> 1. Check your email inbox for the activation Sumo Logic email. (If you don't see it, check your Spam and Trash folders.)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Check your email inbox for the activation Sumo Logic email. If you don't see it, check your Spam and Trash folders.
```

<sup>3</sup> Forwards your logs to an S3 bucket after being collected and analyzed in Sumo Logic.<br/>
<sup>4</sup> Notifies you in real-time when errors occur on your systems.

For more information, see [Sumo Logic Account Usage](/docs/manage/manage-subscription).

## Sign up through AWS Marketplace

Signing up for a Sumo Logic account through the AWS Marketplace creates a new Sumo Logic organization and account. It allows you to pay your bill using your Amazon account. All you need to sign up is a company email address and your location: North America, Europe, or Australia.

:::info Valid Emails

> Do not use a Gmail or Yahoo email account to create your Sumo Logic account.

Author: ```suggestion
Do not use a Google or Yahoo email account to create your Sumo Logic account.
```

Next, use the [Setup Wizard](/docs/send-data/setup-wizard) to send your logs to Sumo Logic.

> #### Cancel your account
> 
> Should you decide to cancel, you can do it through AWS Marketplace.

Author: ```suggestion
### Cancel your Account through AWS Marketplace
```
